# ChainGPT Ecosystem

This page is a concept list for the features in the ChainGPT ecosystem. ChainGPT is an advanced AI model designed to support crypto & blockchain needs. It is accessible via the use of the ChainGPT Token ($CGPT), which is the utility token backing the ecosystem. To further incentivize usage and engagement, the team offers various staking & farming options for $CGPT holders, as well as a unique burn mechanism that increases the value of the token. Additionally, the team provides a range of AI-powered tools and utilities, including a browser extension, news generation, NFT generation, and a trading bot. The usage of these utilities results in fees, with 50% of the income being redistributed back to $CGPT holders through the burn mechanism.



### **ChainGPT AI Model**

The main offering of the ChainGPT ecosystem, an advanced AI model designed for the crypto and blockchain space that can assist with code contracts, explain concepts, answer questions, analyze markets, and more. More information can be found here: [ChainGPT AI Model](https://app.gitbook.com/o/isSMm3D18DgdZJzYQLAF/s/itZP4d2R7tNhEVkUrPpA/\~/changes/cgpsNKiEB4uwYiwDUCN7/overview/ii.-learn-the-concepts/chaingpt-ai-model)



### **ChainGPT Token ($CGPT)**

The utility token that powers the ChainGPT ecosystem, individuals and businesses must use $CGPT in order to access the AI model. The token also offers various benefits to holders, including access to liquidity on various exchanges, staking and farming opportunities, and more.

{% content-ref url="chaingpt-token-usdcgpt.md" %}
[chaingpt-token-usdcgpt.md](chaingpt-token-usdcgpt.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}



### **ChainGPT Staking & Farming**

The ecosystem offers multiple staking and farming options for token holders, with staking mainly used to access the AI model, and farming used to earn rewards in $CGPT.

{% content-ref url="chaingpt-staking-and-farming.md" %}
[chaingpt-staking-and-farming.md](chaingpt-staking-and-farming.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}



### ChainGPT Burn Mechanism

Half of each fee / profit made by ChainGPT's tools & utilities within the ecosystem are burnt out of the supply, increasing the value of $CGPT for holders. This includes the $CGPT spent on AI access, as well as other income generated by the ecosystem. The remaining half is used for growth and sustainability of ChainGPT.

{% content-ref url="chaingpt-burn-mechanism.md" %}
[chaingpt-burn-mechanism.md](chaingpt-burn-mechanism.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}



### ChainGPT Powered AI Utilities & Tools

ChainGPT offers a variety of useful tools and utilities powered by the AI model, including: Dev Assist (a browser extension that helps users understand smart-contract interactions), AI Generated News (automated Blockchain & Crypto news), AI Generated NFTs (a DApp that generates NFTs based on user prompts), and AI Trading Bot (an automated trading tool on decentralized exchanges). These tools charge fees, with 50% of the income redistributed to $CGPT holders via the burn mechanism.

{% content-ref url="chaingpt-powered-ai-utilities-and-tools.md" %}
[chaingpt-powered-ai-utilities-and-tools.md](chaingpt-powered-ai-utilities-and-tools.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

