# 🔛 2024: Q3-Q4

**Status:&#x20;**<mark style="color:yellow;">**In Process**</mark>

In the second half of 2024, ChainGPT will continue its innovation trajectory, further solidifying its role at the intersection of AI and blockchain technology. We plan to release cutting-edge applications and programs, including importing all our products. It will support our goal to position ChainGPT tech and community as the market leader.

The main milestone is the development of ChainGPT's AIVM Blockchain, the first AI Blockchain for on-chain AI models execution, training, and computing power provision.

More highlights include launching the ChainGPT mobile app for iOS and Android devices and introducing an AI bot on Twitter to provide quick and interactive responses. Significant upgrades are planned for the AI NFT Generator, including new text-to-image models and integration with Midjourney and DallE. The Crypto AI Hub will see expanded audit solutions, interactive token charts, and gamification features. Additionally, the ChainGPT Pad is set to undergo a major revamp with new functionalities and strategic integrations with blockchain networks such as ZKSync, CoreDAO, and Solana.

ChainGPT is also making strides in its AI-focused decentralized blockchain initiative, with progress in the AI Data Marketplace, GPU Computing Power Marketplace, and Inference Library SDK. These developments highlight ChainGPT's commitment to innovation and its goal of redefining AI's potential within the blockchain ecosystem.

### **Q3-Q4:**

**General Ecosystem Updates:**

* [x] **Mobile App Development:** The initial version of ChainGPT’s mobile app will be released with the following features: AI NFT Generator, ChainGPT Pad, all AI tools, DAO, staking, cross-chain swapping, and a built-in Crypto wallet. The app will allow wallet import and creation, as well as a wallet connect feature with other apps. The ChainGPT App is designed to be an all-in-one stop shop for ChainGPT’s infrastructure and AI solutions.&#x20;
* [ ] **Mobile App Release:** The initial version of ChainGPT’s mobile app will be released with the following features: AI NFT Generator, ChainGPT Pad, all AI tools, DAO, staking, cross-chain swapping, and a built-in Crypto wallet. The app will allow wallet import and creation, as well as a wallet connect feature with other apps. The ChainGPT App is designed to be an all-in-one stop shop for ChainGPT’s infrastructure and AI solutions.&#x20;
* [ ] **ChainGPT’s AI Bot on Twitter**: A Twitter bot that can be tagged for quick responses directly on Twitter. Similarly to the Telegram bot, and our web-app bot, users can tag the bot to answer any questions, generate NFTs, explain Web3 related tweet, research reports, and more.
* [x] **Live Customer Support (ZenDesk):** ChainGPT is enhancing customer service across all ecosystem products by implementing a live chat support feature, which will extend beyond Telegram and Discord. Live customer support will be available via ZenDesk.
* [ ] **Live Customer Support v2:** ChainGPT is enhancing customer service across all ecosystem products by implementing a live chat support feature, which will extend beyond Telegram and Discord. Live customer support will be available on every web page (powered by ZenDesk).
* [ ] **AI Chatbot Available Across All Platforms:** ChainGPT's AI Chatbot will be implemented on every webpage, giving users quick answers to any questions. It will be conveniently located next to the live customer support button.
* [x] **ChainGPT.org Website Revamp:** We are updating our main website to reflect current infrastructure growth. Features include stats like TVL, Active Users, Support Networks, Holders, API and AI Tools pricing updates, minor UI/UX enhancements, dedicated product pages for better SEO, and multilingual support (Korean, Chinese, Arabic, Russian, etc.) for broader accessibility.
* [x] **ChainGPT Labs Website Release:** A dedicated website for ChainGPT Labs to share success stories and case studies and offer an easier way for startups to apply for our incubation, acceleration, or funding programs.\


**AI NFT Generator:**

* [x] **API/SDK Access (whitelabel our AI NFT features):** Open-source the ChainGPT AI NFT Generator as a Whitelabel solution to allow developers and platforms to easily integrate ChainGPT's AI NFT Generator features, enabling broader adoption and community-driven development.
* [x] **New & Improved TTIM Models:** We’re adding improved text-to-image models to the AI NFT Generator and archiving the v1 (current) models. The new models will provide overall better quality results and more competitive with the image generation market.
* [x] **Integration of Midjourney & DallE:** Besides the new and improved V2 models by ChainGPT, we’re adding the option to use Midjourney & DallE for NFT generation.
* [x] **Styling Update:**  Moving away from the limitations of specific styles seen in V1 TTIMs, the AI NFT Generator will now remove these constraints from our AI models. It will include an optional section for selecting styles, enhancing creative freedom for creators when generating prompts.

**Crypto AI Hub:**

* [ ] **Expanded Audit Solutions**: Enhance the Smart Contract Auditor tool by providing users with a concise audit report for free and offering a premium option for an in-depth audit report in PDF format spanning 20-40+ pages.
* [ ] **Interactive Token Charts for AI Chatbot:** Incorporate interactive charts to visually represent token data, enhancing user insights beyond text-based information.
* [x] **Supply Dashboard in AI Hub:** The AI Hub now includes a CGPT token supply tracker. This feature provides valuable information for CGPT-related research and enhances transparency regarding the circulating supply of CGPT tokens for our community.
* [x] **AI News Generator UI/UX Upgrade:** improvement of the current layout (UI/UX) of the AI News Generator page.&#x20;
* [x] **Crypto AI Hub Gamification Update:** We’re adding gamification to the Crypto AI Hub by ChainGPT to enhance user interaction. With this update, users can earn points and rewards for daily tasks, logging in, and using AI tools. Enjoy a more engaging experience!
* [ ] **AI Trading Assistant Prediction Model Release:** This model update will offer predictions of future technical analysis patterns that have yet to happen. The first release version will support top crypto coins with historical data of approx 5 or more years (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, BNB, etc)
* [ ] **AI Trading Assistant Prediction Model Expanded:** Expansion of the prediction model to more crypto coins beyond the initial top #5 coins. The aim is to support any relevant coin within the top #1,000 on CMC, as long as they have enough data for accurate results.
* [x] **AI Trading Assistant: New Patterns Added:** With this update, the AI Trading Assistant can detect even more chart patterns. The new patterns will be: 1. Cup and Handle 2. Bearish Pennant 3. Bullish Pennant 4. ABCD Pattern 5. Pipe Top 6. Pipe Bottom 7. Bullish Engulfing 8. Three white shoulders 9. Inverted Hammer 10. Morning Star.&#x20;

**LLMs & TTIMs:**

* [x] **Enhanced Solidity LLM (Contract Generation) Development:** New and improved Solidity LLM from ChainGPT AI, with high capability. We believe this will be the most advanced AI model for Solidity coding.
* [ ] **Enhanced Solidity LLM (Contract Generation) Release:** New and improved Solidity LLM from ChainGPT AI, with high capability. We believe this will be the most advanced AI model for Solidity coding.
* [x] **AI News Generator TTIM Upgrade:** release a new and improved text-to-image model that will provide better cover images for the AI-generated news by ChainGPT.

**ChainGPT Pad V2:**

* [x] **V2 UI/UX Update:** We're enhancing the user interface and experience, making the ChainGPT Pad more user-friendly and visually appealing.
* [x] **Statistics Page:** Stay informed with a dedicated statistics page showcasing essential data about the Pad. You'll find key information on successful sales, the total funds raised by participants, and more.
* [x] **Dedicated Giveaways Page:** A page dedicated to giveaways hosted on ChainGPT Pad. In addition a new flow for giveaways has been developed, and USDT is no longer required to join giveaways.
* [x] **My Profile Section Improved:** We took all user feedback and significantly improved the “My Profile” section on the launchpad. Now, users can see their participation in IDOs, overall stats and profitability, claim information, and overall info of IDO pools in advanced or simple view.
* [x] **Blogs on ChainGPT Pad**: A built-in blog dedicated to ChainGPT Pad.
* [x] **IDO Page Improvement:** Tokenomics, audit report, contract address, and a comprehensive details page for each IDO. Providing our users with all the info they need in one place.
* [x] **Team & Partners Section:** Know who’s behind ChainGPT Pad, and learn in-depth about our network of partners, VCs, and advisors helping ChainGPT Pad.
* [x] **Delegation Feature:** Users can now delegate their staking points to another wallet address. This feature allows users to delegate points to friends and family or to another wallet for participating in specific IDOs.
* [ ] **Referral System:** Get rewarded for inviting friends! Our referral system offers a percentage of every IDO your referrals join, creating incentives for community growth.
* [ ] **Automated Newsletter:** Stay in the loop with automated newsletters delivered via Email and Telegram. Receive updates on important events, upcoming IDOs, and more.
* [ ] **RE:BOT NFT Holder Benefits**: Exclusive benefits for RE:BOT NFT holders, including staking APY boosts, higher multipliers, access to exclusive pools, and special giveaways. Enjoy the perks of being a part of our NFT community.&#x20;
* [x] **ChainGPT Pad V2 Audit with Certik:** To ensure the highest security standards for ChainGPT Pad, we have partnered with Certik to audit all updates of ChainGPT Pad's smart contracts written in Solidity. This includes auditing changes made to IDO contracts, IDO Factory, and Staking Contracts.
* [x] **Wallet Connect Bug Fixed:** An existing bug in the V1 version of ChainGPT Pad causes some mobile users issues with their Wallet Connect connection. This bug is resolved in V2.
* [ ] **Bond Sale Page:** Introducing bonds to support projects across all stages, allowing our community to purchase tokens at a discount (typically 5%-20%) after the Token Generation Event (TGE). This feature helps us support projects not only in the seed stage and pre-listing stage but also post-TGE stage.
* [ ] **Streamlining Solana Integration:** Simplified user flow by eliminating the need to connect sub-wallets manually. Sub-wallets will now be generated automatically, reducing friction for users. Additionally, there will no longer be a requirement to connect both an EVM and a Solana wallet—users will only need to connect one wallet for seamless interaction across both ecosystems.
* [ ] **Integrated Vesting Portal in Pad:** A dedicated vesting portal will be integrated directly into Pad v3 to support KOLs, influencers, and external sales. This feature ensures efficient token distribution and vesting management for all private contributors outside of public IDOs, offering a streamlined experience for all stakeholders involved.
* [x] **zkSync Integration**
* [x] **CoreDAO Integration**
* [x] **X Layer Integration**
* [x] **Linea Integration**
* [x] **Base Integration**
* [x] **Blast Integration**
* [x] **Solana Integration Release:** Non-EVM Chain Solana will be supported on ChainGPT Pad, in collaboration with the Solana foundation.&#x20;
* [ ] TON Network Integration
* [ ] Tron Network Integration

**ChainGPT Pad V3:**

* [ ] **OTC Marketplace:** Users can now resell vested IDO tokens they've invested in but no longer wish to claim. Additionally, users who missed out on certain IDOs will have the opportunity to purchase tokens through the OTC market.
* [ ] **Staking Points Marketplace:** Users can now rent their staking points to other users, and determine the amount of staking points they want to rent, for which duration of time, and for what price for that duration.
* [ ] **Automation:** Users can deposit USDT into our contract and set up automatic purchases for IDOs and FCFS rounds. This feature will be available under 'My Profile' as a separate tab, likely exclusive to Gold and Diamond, or only Diamond tier members. (DAO Vote Pending)
* [ ] **Research Page:** The Research Page will feature all upcoming projects hosting IDOs, irrespective of whether they are using ChainGPT Pad. Each project will be assigned a score based on various criteria such as security, team, code quality, and governance. The goal is to attract users to ChainGPT Pad to access and evaluate IDO project scores. There will be a single page listing all projects and dedicated pages for each project providing a detailed breakdown of scores and factors.
* [ ] **ROI Prediction with AI / Machine Learning:** We are developing a unique AI model to predict the ROI of projects based on various parameters. Initially, it will be used internally by the launchpad team for project filtering. Once its accuracy is verified, we plan to make it publicly available. This feature will likely be accessible to Diamond members and integrated into the research page, displaying ROI predictions alongside project scores.
* [ ] **Launch with ChainGPT Pad Page:** This page offers guidance on launching IDOs with ChainGPT Pad and highlights the benefits of partnering with us. It simplifies the application process for projects seeking to host an IDO with ChainGPT Pad, and provides our community with insights into how we support startups through this platform.
* [ ] **Narrative & Research Page:** This page displays top narratives, trending coins, volume statistics by category, BTC/Altcoin/Ethereum dominance, and other key factors to aid our investors. Information sourced from providers like Dune, CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko, InTheBlock, and similar data sources will be fully automated.
* [ ] **AI Chatbot & Live Customer Service:** Accessible via a chat icon located in the bottom right or left corner of every page, offering options to interact with ChainGPT's AI Chatbot or live customer support for prompt assistance.
* [ ] **Auto Translator for Better SEO:** Implementing automatic translation of every page into multiple languages to enhance SEO rankings, and to ensure non-English speakers have better access to ChainGPT Pad.
* [ ] **Social Task Giveaway Campaigns:** Participate in built-in social task giveaway campaigns, akin to platforms such as Galxe and Gleam. Engage in enjoyable and rewarding campaigns, with opportunities for non-tier members to win allocations (Bronze or Silver tier) through lottery-based selection.

**$CGPT Token:**

* [x] **Growth Campaign With Binance Web3 :** CGPT will partner with a leading Web3 company to host an airdrop campaign to boost brand awareness and acquire new CGPT holders. [https://binance.chaingpt.org/](https://binance.chaingpt.org/)&#x20;
* [x] **Growth Campaign With Trust Wallet:** CGPT will partner with a leading Web3 Crypto Wallet to host an airdrop campaign to boost brand awareness and acquire new CGPT holders. [https://nft.chaingpt.org/events/TrustWallet7](https://nft.chaingpt.org/events/TrustWallet7)&#x20;
* [x] **Full integration of $CGPT with BitPanda, a leading European exchange**: CGPT will undergo full integration with a prominent European exchange, accompanied by a comprehensive marketing and growth campaign to promote this integration.

**ChainGPT AI Blockchain Network (AIVM)**

* [x] Development of AI Data Marketplace (phase 1) \[Design Phase]
* [x] GPU Computing Power Marketplace (phase 1) \[Design Phase]
* [x] Development of Inference Library (SDK) (phase 1) \[Design Phase]

To learn more about ChainGPT's AIVM roadmap, please visit the 2024-2025 AIVM initiative page by clicking below.

{% content-ref url="2024-2025-aivm-blockchain-initiative.md" %}
[2024-2025-aivm-blockchain-initiative.md](2024-2025-aivm-blockchain-initiative.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
