chaingpt-pad/overview/faq.md, before:

# FAQ

## User F.A.Q.s

<details>

<summary>What is the ChainGPT Launchpad?</summary>

It is a platform for incubating promising projects that are looking to introduce a token into their systems and launching them via IDOs.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is an IDO?</summary>

IDO stands for Initial DEX Offering. It is a method of public fundraising that pools capital from retail users by utilizing a decentralized platform as the venue for facilitating the transactions. This model is superior to the preceding ICO model because the platform can provide a higher degree of security for end users by collecting the funding and only releasing to the projects after the satisfaction of a certain criteria.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is CrowdFunding / Private Sale?</summary>

The crowdfunding/private sale is a very early round of fundraising that takes place right before an IDO. Typically just a day or so before an IDO launch. These rounds tend to offer superior rates but also incur prolonged vesting periods.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is FCFS or First Comes First Serve round?</summary>

FCFS is the acronym for First-Come-First-Serve, and it refers to the round of fundraising that becomes available to the general public after the guaranteed round. As the name might suggest, FCFS rounds are based on timing, available token supplies are sold to participants that arrive ahead of others.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Can I stake into multiple Pools and still acquire points?</summary>

Yes. If you wish to split up your $CGPT stake across different pools, then the Launchpad will calculate your point based on their individual placements.

As an example, if you stake 2,500 $CGPT into 45 day pool for 2,500 points and 2,500 $CGPT into the 180 day pool for 3,750 points then your associated wallet will be attributed the aggregated 6,250 tier points.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Can I participate in IDOs right after purchasing $CGPT?</summary>

Almost. Before being able to participate in the IDO’s users must do two more actions.

First, once $CGPT is acquired, users must make sure to have enough tier points for inclusion, if yes, then simply staking their tokens in the official [**Staking Dashboard**](https://pad.chaingpt.org/#/staking-pools%E2%80%8D).

Second, they must pass a [**here**](http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc).

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the Absolute minimum number of $CGPT that must be staked in order to acquire a Tier status?</summary>

The entry level tier is Bronze, it requires 2,000 points. Based on the maximum multiplier of 2x for the 365 day staking pool, the minimal number of tokens require is 1,000 $CGPT.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What crypto tokens can be used to participate in IDOs?</summary>

**Stablecoins:** USDT, USDC, BUSD\
**Cryptocurrencies:** BNB, ETH

</details>

<details>

<summary>What countries are restricted from IDOs?</summary>

Individuals that reside with the sanctioned countries in accordance to OFAC and FATF are restricted from participation.

_Afghanistan, Albania, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Central African Republic, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of Congo, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Ethiopia, Hong Kong, Iran, Iraq, Kosovo, Lebanon, Libya, Mali, Montenegro, Myanmar, Nicaragua, North Macedonia, Oman, Russia, Serbia, Somalia, Sudan, Sudan, South, Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, Zimbabwe_

For a full list of sanctioned countries please refer to the directory provided by our KYC partner BlockPass: [**https://www.blockpass.org/major-sanctioned-countries-lists/**](https://www.blockpass.org/major-sanctioned-countries-lists/)

</details>

<details>

<summary>How are Tier Points calculated?</summary>

Tier points are calculated based on two simple factors; the number of tokens staked and the duration of the staking pool they are allocated to.

1 $CGPT = 1 point

45 day = 1 : 1 points,\
90 days = 1 : 1.3 points,\
180 days = 1 : 1.5 points\
365 days = 1 : 2 points

So 1,000 $CGPT in 180 day pool would yield 1,500 points.

</details>

<details>

<summary>How many different tiers are there?</summary>

There are four tiers in the launchpad system, Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Diamond. To understand how tier levels are calculated, please refer to our dedicated post: 📑 [**ChainGPT Launch Pad — Tier System & Staking**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-launch-pad-tier-system-staking-364d2a63a10e)

</details>

<details>

<summary>What does Allocation Multiplier mean?</summary>

The allocation multiplier specifies the amount of tokens that participants will be able to purchase at the different tier levels. Every tier has its own corresponding allocation multiplier, Bronze: 1, Silver: 4+, Gold: 10+, Diamond 40+.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is there a refund policy?</summary>

Yes. Every IDO launch will have a “refund grace period” lasting 7–14 days on average that allows participating users added time to evaluate their decisions before finalizing the commitments.

For more information about how the policy works, please refer to our post: [**ChainGPT Launch Pad — Refund Policy**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-launch-pad-refund-policy-c3c0a979d0b8)

</details>

<details>

<summary>Do I have to complete a KYC in order to access the Launchpad?</summary>

Yes. KYC is required for participating at any tier level. The KYC process has been made maximally simple through our partner Blockpass. To sign up please follow our official link: [**http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc**](http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc)

</details>

<details>

<summary>How is Pool Weight Calculated?</summary>

Pool weight is calculated based on the distribution of tier points among participating members and their corresponding tier levels.

Every pool has a structured base range that is dependent on their staking tier points.

Bronze | 1x | 2,000 points — 19,999 points\
Silver | 4x — 9.99x | 20,000 points — 49,999 points\
Gold | 10x — 39.99x | 50,000 points — 199,999 points\
Diamond | 40x + | 200,000 points +

The pool weight indicates how much multiplier is applied to that specific tier level’s allocation capacity.

Bronze maintains a base level of 1x multiplier throughout its entire point range. The Silver, Gold, and Diamond levels pool weights are scaled proportionally to the individual stakers point position within its range. To best understand the mechanism is through an empirical example:

In the event of a Silver tier with 20,000 points, they have a 4x multiplier.\
In the event of a Silver tier with 35,000 points, they have a 7x multiplier.\
In the event of a Silver tier with 49,999 points, they have a 9.99x multiplier.

_This logic applies to the Gold tier equally._

Given that Diamond level can theoretically have no point limit, the cap on the multiplier for them is logarithmically relational to the total IDO’s upper bound.

</details>

## Project F.A.Q.s

<details>

<summary>Can any category of project apply for listing?</summary>

Yes, absolutely! Innovators from all sectors of the digital economy are invited to apply.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is there a criteria that must be met in order to list?</summary>

Yes. ChainGPT upholds high quality standards that must be met in order for a project to be given access to the LaunchPad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the on-boarding process for applying?</summary>

After submitting an application, they will undergo an initial screening by the ChainGPT Team. Following the screening, projects will be put through an in depth due-diligence process. Only projects that pass the rigorous qualitative assessment are inducted into the incubator and given the rights to list their IDO on the Launchpad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the incubation program?</summary>

The incubation program is a system to support the early stages of a projects development and bootstrap their operations prior to launching their product.

More information can be found on our [**Incubation Program**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-incubation-program-ec7227b5e425) post.

</details>

<details>

<summary>How long is the incubation program?</summary>

Duration of the incubation program depends on the individual needs of a project; averaging around 12 months but can be as long as 18–24 months.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is incubation necessary or can we just apply to IDO?</summary>

Projects are not required to be incubated in order to apply for an IDO listing. However, if a project decides to go through the incubation program then they must IDO via the ChainGPT Pad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the max cap on what projects can raise during IDO?</summary>

There is so set maximum. The capacity is based on a project-to-project basis. A multitude of factors will be taken into account, which help gauge potential outcomes, whenever the fundraising goals are being set, which will dictate the maximum capacity.

_We hope this has been able to answer any questions you might have had._

_If for any reason your question was not listed here and you need more information please reach out to the team on our official telegram group or send us an email! We will respond to you as soon as possible!_

</details>

## **ChainGPT Pad Resources**

[Website](https://pad.chaingpt.org/)\
[Staking (V2)](https://pad.chaingpt.org/#/staking-pools)\
[Introduction & Overview](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-launchpad-introduction-and-breakdown)\
[Tier System & Staking](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-launchpad-tier-system-staking)\
[Incubation Program](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-incubation-program)

Commit message:

GITBOOK-176: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

chaingpt-pad/overview/faq.md, after:

# FAQ

## User F.A.Q.s

<details>

<summary>What is the ChainGPT Launchpad?</summary>

It is a platform for incubating promising projects that are looking to introduce a token into their systems and launching them via IDOs.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is an IDO?</summary>

IDO stands for Initial DEX Offering. It is a method of public fundraising that pools capital from retail users by utilizing a decentralized platform as the venue for facilitating the transactions. This model is superior to the preceding ICO model because the platform can provide a higher degree of security for end users by collecting the funding and only releasing to the projects after the satisfaction of a certain criteria.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is CrowdFunding / Private Sale?</summary>

The crowdfunding/private sale is a very early round of fundraising that takes place right before an IDO. Typically just a day or so before an IDO launch. These rounds tend to offer superior rates but also incur prolonged vesting periods.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is FCFS or First Comes First Serve round?</summary>

FCFS is the acronym for First-Come-First-Serve, and it refers to the round of fundraising that becomes available to the general public after the guaranteed round. As the name might suggest, FCFS rounds are based on timing, available token supplies are sold to participants that arrive ahead of others.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Can I stake into multiple Pools and still acquire points?</summary>

Yes. If you wish to split up your $CGPT stake across different pools, then the Launchpad will calculate your point based on their individual placements.

As an example, if you stake 2,500 $CGPT into 45 day pool for 2,500 points and 2,500 $CGPT into the 180 day pool for 3,750 points then your associated wallet will be attributed the aggregated 6,250 tier points.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Can I participate in IDOs right after purchasing $CGPT?</summary>

Almost. Before being able to participate in the IDO’s users must do two more actions.

First, once $CGPT is acquired, users must make sure to have enough tier points for inclusion, if yes, then simply staking their tokens in the official [**Staking Dashboard**](https://pad.chaingpt.org/#/staking-pools%E2%80%8D).

Second, they must pass a [**here**](http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc).

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the Absolute minimum number of $CGPT that must be staked in order to acquire a Tier status?</summary>

The entry level tier is Bronze, it requires 2,000 points. Based on the maximum multiplier of 2x for the 365 day staking pool, the minimal number of tokens require is 1,000 $CGPT.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What crypto tokens can be used to participate in IDOs?</summary>

**Stablecoins:** USDT, USDC, BUSD\
**Cryptocurrencies:** BNB, ETH

</details>

<details>

<summary>What countries are restricted from IDOs?</summary>

As of now, everyone can pass a KYC & sign up for ChainGPT Pad. However, countries that have banned cryptocurrencies will not be eligible to participate in IDOs. Restricted countries: Bangladesh, China, Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Morocco, Nepal, Qatar, Tunisia

For a full list of sanctioned countries please refer to the directory provided by our KYC partner BlockPass: [**https://www.blockpass.org/major-sanctioned-countries-lists/**](https://www.blockpass.org/major-sanctioned-countries-lists/)

</details>

<details>

<summary>How are Tier Points calculated?</summary>

Tier points are calculated based on two simple factors; the number of tokens staked and the duration of the staking pool they are allocated to.

1 $CGPT = 1 point

45 day = 1 : 1 points,\
90 days = 1 : 1.3 points,\
180 days = 1 : 1.5 points\
365 days = 1 : 2 points

So 1,000 $CGPT in 180 day pool would yield 1,500 points.

</details>

<details>

<summary>How many different tiers are there?</summary>

There are four tiers in the launchpad system, Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Diamond. To understand how tier levels are calculated, please refer to our dedicated post: 📑 [**ChainGPT Launch Pad — Tier System & Staking**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-launch-pad-tier-system-staking-364d2a63a10e)

</details>

<details>

<summary>What does Allocation Multiplier mean?</summary>

The allocation multiplier specifies the amount of tokens that participants will be able to purchase at the different tier levels. Every tier has its own corresponding allocation multiplier, Bronze: 1, Silver: 4+, Gold: 10+, Diamond 40+.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is there a refund policy?</summary>

Yes. Every IDO launch will have a “refund grace period” lasting 7–14 days on average that allows participating users added time to evaluate their decisions before finalizing the commitments.

For more information about how the policy works, please refer to our post: [**ChainGPT Launch Pad — Refund Policy**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-launch-pad-refund-policy-c3c0a979d0b8)

</details>

<details>

<summary>Do I have to complete a KYC in order to access the Launchpad?</summary>

Yes. KYC is required for participating at any tier level. The KYC process has been made maximally simple through our partner Blockpass. To sign up please follow our official link: [**http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc**](http://url.chaingpt.org/kyc)

</details>

<details>

<summary>How is Pool Weight Calculated?</summary>

Pool weight is calculated based on the distribution of tier points among participating members and their corresponding tier levels.

Every pool has a structured base range that is dependent on their staking tier points.

Bronze | 1x | 2,000 points — 19,999 points\
Silver | 4x — 9.99x | 20,000 points — 49,999 points\
Gold | 10x — 39.99x | 50,000 points — 199,999 points\
Diamond | 40x + | 200,000 points +

The pool weight indicates how much multiplier is applied to that specific tier level’s allocation capacity.

Bronze maintains a base level of 1x multiplier throughout its entire point range. The Silver, Gold, and Diamond levels pool weights are scaled proportionally to the individual stakers point position within its range. To best understand the mechanism is through an empirical example:

In the event of a Silver tier with 20,000 points, they have a 4x multiplier.\
In the event of a Silver tier with 35,000 points, they have a 7x multiplier.\
In the event of a Silver tier with 49,999 points, they have a 9.99x multiplier.

_This logic applies to the Gold tier equally._

Given that Diamond level can theoretically have no point limit, the cap on the multiplier for them is logarithmically relational to the total IDO’s upper bound.

</details>

## Project F.A.Q.s

<details>

<summary>Can any category of project apply for listing?</summary>

Yes, absolutely! Innovators from all sectors of the digital economy are invited to apply.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is there a criteria that must be met in order to list?</summary>

Yes. ChainGPT upholds high quality standards that must be met in order for a project to be given access to the LaunchPad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the on-boarding process for applying?</summary>

After submitting an application, they will undergo an initial screening by the ChainGPT Team. Following the screening, projects will be put through an in depth due-diligence process. Only projects that pass the rigorous qualitative assessment are inducted into the incubator and given the rights to list their IDO on the Launchpad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the incubation program?</summary>

The incubation program is a system to support the early stages of a projects development and bootstrap their operations prior to launching their product.

More information can be found on our [**Incubation Program**](https://medium.com/chaingpt-blog/chaingpt-incubation-program-ec7227b5e425) post.

</details>

<details>

<summary>How long is the incubation program?</summary>

Duration of the incubation program depends on the individual needs of a project; averaging around 12 months but can be as long as 18–24 months.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Is incubation necessary or can we just apply to IDO?</summary>

Projects are not required to be incubated in order to apply for an IDO listing. However, if a project decides to go through the incubation program then they must IDO via the ChainGPT Pad.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the max cap on what projects can raise during IDO?</summary>

There is so set maximum. The capacity is based on a project-to-project basis. A multitude of factors will be taken into account, which help gauge potential outcomes, whenever the fundraising goals are being set, which will dictate the maximum capacity.

_We hope this has been able to answer any questions you might have had._

_If for any reason your question was not listed here and you need more information please reach out to the team on our official telegram group or send us an email! We will respond to you as soon as possible!_

</details>

## **ChainGPT Pad Resources**

[Website](https://pad.chaingpt.org/)\
[Staking (V2)](https://pad.chaingpt.org/#/staking-pools)\
[Introduction & Overview](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-launchpad-introduction-and-breakdown)\
[Tier System & Staking](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-launchpad-tier-system-staking)\
[Incubation Program](https://www.chaingpt.org/blog/chaingpt-incubation-program)
