chaingpt-pad/overview/tier-and-staking-system.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Breaking down the specifications around staking, point systems, and the tier
  structure for the ChainGPT Launchpad.
---

# Tier & Staking System

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/15qXeyezTIcV4b0tDwS3uzA.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

## Staking & Points System

The qualification process for becoming a member of the Launchpad is determined by a simple point-based staking system. Two factors are taken into account when calculating points: the number of tokens staked and the duration of tokens staked. These two factors together determine the tier category, which can be Bronze, Silver, Gold, or Diamond.

Each $CGPT token staked is equivalent to one point.

Additionally, the duration of the stake in different pools carries its own point multiplier:

* 45 days (1% APY) = 1x points multiplier
* 90 days (3% APY) = 1.3x points multiplier
* 180 days (5% APY) = 1.5x points multiplier
* 365 days (8% APY) = 2x points multiplier

## Tier System

There are four different tier levels in the ChainGPT Launchpad and each tier has its own distinct benefits:

### **🥉 Bronze 🥉**

This is the entry-level tier designed specifically for users that have limited capital capacities.

* **Points Required:** >2,000+
* **Pool Weight:** 1x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #2, and #3 (FCFS and FCFS+)

Participation in the _first round_ is _not guaranteed_ to all Bronze tier members. Select, limited groups of Bronze users that complete social tasks will be given access to participation in the first round of allocation. Social campaigns will be initiated through gleam.io and provide whitelisted opportunities to participants.

### 🥈 Silver 🥈 <a href="#3965" id="3965"></a>

Silver is the second level tier and the first one that provides guaranteed access to the first round of participation in IDOs.

* **Point Required:** 20,000+
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 4x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCS, and FCS+)

Guaranteed Whitelist for our future NFT launch.

### 🥇 Gold 🥇 <a href="#18e3" id="18e3"></a>

Gold is the second highest tier and the first one that provides access to premium early-stage crowdfunding and private sales.

* **Points Required:** 50,000+
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 10x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCFS and FCFS+)

Inclusion into CrowdFunding & Private Sales.\
Guaranteed Whitelist for our future NFT launch.

### 💎Diamond 💎 <a href="#a976" id="a976"></a>

Diamond is the highest and most desirable tier for launchpad participants given the breadth of benefits it offers. Given that it is the only tier that provides complementary token & NFT airdrops, Diamond tier users are rewarded for their commitments passively.

* **Points Required:** 200,000+&#x20;
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 40x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCFS and FCFS+)

Inclusion into CrowdFunding & Private Sales.\
Token airdrops from incubated projects (Portion of TTs we charge).\
Occasional airdrops in the form of NFTs from our partnership network.\
Private group for private sale access & voting (council) Freemium access to ChainGPT’s AI Tools.

## Pool Weights Explained

{% hint style="info" %}
Coming Soon
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-178: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

chaingpt-pad/overview/tier-and-staking-system.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Breaking down the specifications around staking, point systems, and the tier
  structure for the ChainGPT Launchpad.
---

# Tier & Staking System

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/15qXeyezTIcV4b0tDwS3uzA.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

## Staking & Points System

The qualification process for becoming a member of the Launchpad is determined by a simple point-based staking system. Two factors are taken into account when calculating points: the number of tokens staked and the duration of tokens staked. These two factors together determine the tier category, which can be Bronze, Silver, Gold, or Diamond.

Each $CGPT token staked is equivalent to one point.

Additionally, the duration of the stake in different pools carries its own point multiplier:

* 45 days (1% APY) = 1x points multiplier
* 90 days (3% APY) = 1.3x points multiplier
* 180 days (5% APY) = 1.5x points multiplier
* 365 days (8% APY) = 2x points multiplier

## Tier System

There are four different tier levels in the ChainGPT Launchpad and each tier has its own distinct benefits:

### **🥉 Bronze 🥉**

This is the entry-level tier designed specifically for users that have limited capital capacities.

* **Points Required:** >2,000+
* **Pool Weight:** 1x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #2, and #3 (FCFS and FCFS+)

Participation in the _first round_ is _not guaranteed_ to all Bronze tier members. Select, limited groups of Bronze users that complete social tasks will be given access to participation in the first round of allocation. Social campaigns will be initiated through gleam.io and provide whitelisted opportunities to participants.

### 🥈 Silver 🥈 <a href="#3965" id="3965"></a>

Silver is the second level tier and the first one that provides guaranteed access to the first round of participation in IDOs.

* **Point Required:** 20,000+
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 4x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCS, and FCS+)

Guaranteed Whitelist for our future NFT launch.

### 🥇 Gold 🥇 <a href="#18e3" id="18e3"></a>

Gold is the second highest tier and the first one that provides access to premium early-stage crowdfunding and private sales.

* **Points Required:** 50,000+
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 10x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCFS and FCFS+)

Inclusion into CrowdFunding & Private Sales.\
Guaranteed Whitelist for our future NFT launch.

### 💎Diamond 💎 <a href="#a976" id="a976"></a>

Diamond is the highest and most desirable tier for launchpad participants given the breadth of benefits it offers. Given that it is the only tier that provides complementary token & NFT airdrops, Diamond tier users are rewarded for their commitments passively.

* **Points Required:** 200,000+&#x20;
* **Pool Weight:** Minimum 40x Allocation Multiplier
* **Refund Eligibility:** Yes, 100%
* **Participation rounds:** #1, #2, and #3 (Guaranteed, FCFS and FCFS+)

Inclusion into CrowdFunding & Private Sales.\
Token airdrops from incubated projects (Portion of TTs we charge).\
Occasional airdrops in the form of NFTs from our partnership network.\
Private group for private sale access & voting (council) Freemium access to ChainGPT’s AI Tools.

## Pool Weight Allocation Multiplier Explained

The allocation multiplier specifies the amount of tokens that participants will be able to purchase at the different tier levels. Every tier has its own corresponding allocation multiplier, Bronze: 1, Silver: 4+, Gold: 10+, Diamond 40+.

Pool weight is calculated based on the distribution of tier points among participating members and their corresponding tier levels. Every pool has a structured base range that is dependent on their staking tier points.

* Bronze | 1x | 2,000 points — 19,999 points
* Silver | 4x — 9.99x | 20,000 points — 49,999 points\
  Gold | 10x — 39.99x | 50,000 points — 199,999 points\
  Diamond | 40x + | 200,000 points +

The pool weight indicates how much multiplier is applied to that specific tier level’s allocation capacity. Bronze maintains a base level of 1x multiplier throughout its entire point range. The Silver, Gold, and Diamond levels pool weights are scaled proportionally to the individual stakers point position within its range. To best understand the mechanism is through an empirical example: In the event of a Silver tier with 20,000 points, they have a 4x multiplier. In the event of a Silver tier with 35,000 points, they have a 7x multiplier. In the event of a Silver tier with 49,999 points, they have a 9.99x multiplier. This logic applies to the Gold tier equally. Given that Diamond level can theoretically have no point limit, the cap on the multiplier for them is logarithmically relational to the total IDO’s upper bound.
