overview/vi.-faq.md, before:

# VI. FAQ

## About ChainGPT AI

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is an advanced AI model that assists individuals and businesses with everything related to Crypto and Blockchain technology. Access unlimited solutions and use cases using our advanced AI model: Blockchain analytics, AI trading, smart-contract development, AI auditing, risk management, crypto news source, etc.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>ChainGPT free?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is currently in its beta stages, and we're working diligently to expand our final AI model. In its beta stage, ChainGPT is free for individuals and not yet accessible for developers and businesses via API. Once our utility token is released, we will make the 1.0 version available and SDK & API available for individuals, developers, and businesses. At that stage, ChainGPT will no longer be free, and users will have various pricing options.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Is ChainGPT currently available for use?</strong> </summary>

We have developed an early beta model for ChainGPT's AI. As a result, individuals and businesses can begin exploring the use cases and solutions our advanced AI model can offer.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>How does ChainGPT work?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is a pre-trained language model that uses deep learning techniques such as transformer networks to generate human-like text. It has been trained on a large dataset of text related to crypto and blockchain technology, which allows it to understand and respond to natural language queries about the subject. When a user inputs a query, the model processes it and generates a response based on the information it has learned from the training data. In addition, the model uses advanced techniques such as attention mechanisms to weigh the importance of different input parts and generate a more relevant and accurate response.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Can ChainGPT help me program a smart contract?</strong> </summary>

Yes, ChainGPT can assist with programming smart contracts and other tasks related to decentralized applications and AI trading bots.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What kind of information can ChainGPT provide?</strong> </summary>

ChatGPT is very limited regarding new resources, as it is not connected to the internet. ChainGPT, on the other hand, can pull on-chain live data, crypto prices, the latest news, and the newest research about technologies and generally stay up-to-date with accurate information. On top of that, ChatGPT has trained its model with approximately 1% of the information about Crypto & Blockchain; therefore, it tends to provide users with wrong information. ChainGPT V1 is trained with over 95%+ data specific to Blockchain & Crypto, and the remaining being data like Technical Analysis. If that's not enough, ChainGPT is designed to write smart contracts, audit smart contracts, analyze charts, technical analysis, AML solutions, and much more. An advanced AI model explicitly designed for blockchain can provide many use cases to developers, businesses, and individuals in this field. ChatGPT was not intended for the use cases we aim to deliver with V1.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Is ChainGPT open-source?</strong></summary>

At ChainGPT, we are dedicated to ensuring the highest quality and security of our AI model. Currently, our GitHub repository is only accessible to our engineers as we work towards the full release of our product. However, we have plans to open-source the code and make it available to the public, along with the launch of our main version of ChainGPT. In the meantime, we are in the beta stage of development and carefully testing and refining our AI technology. Thank you for your understanding and interest in ChainGPT.

</details>

## About $CGPT Utility Token

<details>

<summary><strong>What is $CGPT token?</strong> </summary>

$CGPT is the utility token behind the ChainGPT ecosystem. It is ultimately how individuals and businesses access the AI model, ChainGPT, and API.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>How can I get $CGPT?</strong> </summary>

The $CGPT token has yet to be released, and the official dates for the early sale and launch will be announced shortly. During the early sale phase, early adopters will get a window opportunity to obtain $CGPT before its launch on exchanges. Afterward, $CGPT will be available on decentralized and centralized exchanges.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Are there ways to earn $CGPT tokens?</strong> </summary>

Yes, there are various ways in which users can earn $CGPT tokens. One is by staking and farming; another is by selling tokens on our ChainGPT dedicated crypto marketplace.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Can I use ChainGPT without spending $CGPT?</strong> </summary>

Individuals can access ChainGPT without spending $CGPT tokens by simply staking the required amount for free and unlimited use. Otherwise, you can pay per prompt request. On the other hand, businesses and developers will be required to stake a spendable amount of $CGPT that will be reduced with each prompt call to ChainGPT's API. In short, individuals can use the platform for free, and businesses and developers must pay based on API usage.

</details>

## About Staking & Farming

<details>

<summary><strong>Staking vs Farming</strong> </summary>

Staking and farming are generally ways to earn rewards in the blockchain space. With ChainGPT, staking and farming play an essential part in the ecosystem. Staking provides users access to ChainGPT, and farming offers a way to earn additional rewards in $CGPT tokens.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT Staking?</strong> </summary>

Staking offers individuals free and unlimited access to ChainGPT without spending their $CGPT tokens with each request. On the other hand, businesses and developers interested in using the ChainGPT API must stake a spendable amount of $CGPT that will reduce each API request.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT Farming?</strong></summary>

Farming offers all $CGPT holders ways to earn additional rewards in $CGPT by simply providing liquidity for $CGPT and other pre-approved tokens. Such as stablecoins, popular blockchain coins, and exchange tokens.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>When will staking &#x26; farming become available?</strong> </summary>

Both staking & farming decentralized applications will become available with the launch

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Which pairs will the farming platform support?</strong> </summary>

The farming platform will support a variety of pairs, including stable coins, popular blockchain coins, and exchange tokens.

</details>



Did we miss anything? let us know: info@chaingpt.org

Commit message:

GITBOOK-125: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

overview/vi.-faq.md, after:

# VI. FAQ

**You can read this entire FAQ page, or just ask our AI Chatbot!**\
Web: [https://app.ChainGPT.org](https://app.chaingpt.org)\
Telegram: [https://t.me/ChainGPTAI\_Bot](https://t.me/ChainGPTAI\_Bot)

## About ChainGPT AI

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is an advanced AI model that assists individuals and businesses with everything related to Crypto and Blockchain technology. Access unlimited solutions and use cases using our advanced AI model: Blockchain analytics, AI trading, smart-contract development, AI auditing, risk management, crypto news source, etc.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>ChainGPT free?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is currently in its beta stages, and we're working diligently to expand our final AI model. In its beta stage, ChainGPT is free for individuals and not yet accessible for developers and businesses via API. Once our utility token is released, we will make the 1.0 version available and SDK & API available for individuals, developers, and businesses. At that stage, ChainGPT will no longer be free, and users will have various pricing options.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Is ChainGPT currently available for use?</strong> </summary>

We have developed an early beta model for ChainGPT's AI. As a result, individuals and businesses can begin exploring the use cases and solutions our advanced AI model can offer.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>How does ChainGPT work?</strong> </summary>

ChainGPT is a pre-trained language model that uses deep learning techniques such as transformer networks to generate human-like text. It has been trained on a large dataset of text related to crypto and blockchain technology, which allows it to understand and respond to natural language queries about the subject. When a user inputs a query, the model processes it and generates a response based on the information it has learned from the training data. In addition, the model uses advanced techniques such as attention mechanisms to weigh the importance of different input parts and generate a more relevant and accurate response.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Can ChainGPT help me program a smart contract?</strong> </summary>

Yes, ChainGPT can assist with programming smart contracts and other tasks related to decentralized applications and AI trading bots.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What kind of information can ChainGPT provide?</strong> </summary>

ChatGPT is very limited regarding new resources, as it is not connected to the internet. ChainGPT, on the other hand, can pull on-chain live data, crypto prices, the latest news, and the newest research about technologies and generally stay up-to-date with accurate information. On top of that, ChatGPT has trained its model with approximately 1% of the information about Crypto & Blockchain; therefore, it tends to provide users with wrong information. ChainGPT V1 is trained with over 95%+ data specific to Blockchain & Crypto, and the remaining being data like Technical Analysis. If that's not enough, ChainGPT is designed to write smart contracts, audit smart contracts, analyze charts, technical analysis, AML solutions, and much more. An advanced AI model explicitly designed for blockchain can provide many use cases to developers, businesses, and individuals in this field. ChatGPT was not intended for the use cases we aim to deliver with V1.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Is ChainGPT open-source?</strong></summary>

At ChainGPT, we are dedicated to ensuring the highest quality and security of our AI model. Currently, our GitHub repository is only accessible to our engineers as we work towards the full release of our product. However, we have plans to open-source the code and make it available to the public, along with the launch of our main version of ChainGPT. In the meantime, we are in the beta stage of development and carefully testing and refining our AI technology. Thank you for your understanding and interest in ChainGPT.

</details>

## About $CGPT Utility Token

<details>

<summary><strong>What is $CGPT token?</strong> </summary>

$CGPT, or ChainGPT Token, is the utility token powering the ChainGPT ecosystem. ChainGPT is a futuristic AI chatbot designed to assist individuals, developers, and businesses with anything related to Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrencies. The token is used for various purposes within the ChainGPT ecosystem and offers several benefits to its holders.

**Some of the key features and use cases of $CGPT token include:**

1\. Access to ChainGPT services: Token holders can use $CGPT to access various ChainGPT services such as AI-generated news, AI smart contract generator and auditor tools, AI NFT Generator, and more.

2\. Staking and Farming: Users can stake and farm their $CGPT tokens to earn passive income and participate in the growth of the ChainGPT ecosystem.

3\. Governance: $CGPT token holders have governance rights, allowing them to participate in voting on important decisions and proposals related to the development and future of ChainGPT.

4\. Discounts and exclusive features: Holding $CGPT tokens may grant users discounts on certain services within the ChainGPT ecosystem and access to exclusive features.

The total supply of CGPT is 1 billion (1,000,000,000) tokens. It is currently deployed on the BSC (Binance Smart Chain) network, with plans to expand to other networks like Ethereum, Polygon Matic, Avalanche, and more in the future.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>How can I get $CGPT?</strong> </summary>

You can acquire $CGPT (ChainGPT Token) through various methods:

1\. Centralized Exchanges: CGPT was listed on multiple centralized exchanges on April 10th, 2023, including KuCoin, MEXC, ByBit, GATE.io, BitGet. You can buy CGPT tokens by creating an account on one of these exchanges and trading it against other cryptocurrencies like BTC, ETH, or USDT.

2\. Decentralized Exchanges: CGPT is also available on PancakeSwap, KyberSwap, and Thena decentralized exchanges. You can swap your tokens like BNB, BUSD, or other supported tokens for CGPT directly using these platforms

3\. Staking and Farming: You can also earn CGPT tokens by participating in staking and farming programs. CGPT staking and farming are currently live on https://staking.chaingpt.org and will become available on PancakeSwap Syrup Farm, Kyber Network, Thena, KuCoin, and ByBit.

Please ensure you're using the correct smart contract address for CGPT when interacting with decentralized exchanges: 0x9840652DC04fb9db2C43853633f0F62BE6f00f98. Always double-check the contract address to avoid scams or fake tokens.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Are there ways to earn $CGPT tokens?</strong> </summary>

Yes, there are various ways in which users can earn $CGPT tokens. One is by staking and farming; another is by selling tokens on our ChainGPT dedicated crypto marketplace.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Can I use ChainGPT without spending $CGPT?</strong> </summary>

Individuals can access ChainGPT without spending $CGPT tokens by simply staking the required amount for free and unlimited use. Otherwise, you can pay per prompt request. On the other hand, businesses and developers will be required to stake a spendable amount of $CGPT that will be reduced with each prompt call to ChainGPT's API. In short, individuals can use the platform for free, and businesses and developers must pay based on API usage.

</details>

## About Staking & Farming

<details>

<summary><strong>Staking vs Farming</strong> </summary>

Staking and farming are generally ways to earn rewards in the blockchain space. With ChainGPT, staking and farming play an essential part in the ecosystem. Staking provides users access to ChainGPT, and farming offers a way to earn additional rewards in $CGPT tokens.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT Staking?</strong> </summary>

Staking offers individuals free and unlimited access to ChainGPT without spending their $CGPT tokens with each request. On the other hand, businesses and developers interested in using the ChainGPT API must stake a spendable amount of $CGPT that will reduce each API request.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What is ChainGPT Farming?</strong></summary>

Farming offers all $CGPT holders ways to earn additional rewards in $CGPT by simply providing liquidity for $CGPT and other pre-approved tokens. Such as stablecoins, popular blockchain coins, and exchange tokens.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>When will staking &#x26; farming become available?</strong> </summary>

Both staking & farming decentralized applications will become available with the launch

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Which pairs will the farming platform support?</strong> </summary>

The farming platform will support a variety of pairs, including stable coins, popular blockchain coins, and exchange tokens.

</details>



Did we miss anything? let us know: info@chaingpt.org
