# 2023: Q3-Q4

### 3rd-4th Quarters of 2023 Summary

We are launching a testnet version of our layer-1 blockchain, optimized for AI smart contracts and on-chain models. Along with the test net, we will provide an explorer, a marketplace for AI models and tools, a web wallet, a wallet extension, wallet apps for IOS and Android, a custom Remix for smart-contract deployment, a wormhole (bridge), a decentralized exchange for ChainGPT tokens, and finally, the primary net release of the ChainGPT (testnet) blockchain.&#x20;

* In Q3-Q4, we will continuously work on improving our AI model and adding functionalities. That includes open-source AI tools, SDKs for businesses, and more.
* ChainGPT AI Chatbot Official v1.0 Release \[much more advanced than beta, AI is online, can read live blockchain data, live chart data, better at programming, new UI/UX].

### **Q3 2023:**

* [x] AI NFT Generator DApp based on ChainGPT Tech.
* [x] ChainGPT Pad : An AI-focused launchpad&#x20;
* [x] ChainGPT AI on Discord &#x20;
* [x] ChainGPT AI on Twitter &#x20;
* [x] ChainGPT V1 Web-Application
* [x] Prompt marketplace: Share your best prompts & earn $CGPT rewards.
* [x] ChainGPT AI-News: AI-generated Blockchain/Crypto daily news & live updates.
* [x] API & SDK access for businesses & developers.



### **Q4 2023:**

**General Ecosystem Roadmp:**

* [ ] ChainGPT AI-Powered Security Extension
* [ ] ChainGPT App for IOS & Android release, with built-in $CGPT supporting wallet.
* [ ] DAO funds will begin unlocking to the DAO treasury (controlled by DAO voting)  (150m $CGPT tokens over five years, starting October 2023)
* [ ] ChainGPT AI Trading Assistant (Chart & Technical Analysis tool)
* [ ] ChainGPT's RE:BOT NFT Collection \[revealed from the hidden road-map]&#x20;
* [ ] Expand the functionality of ChainGPT's SDK
* [ ] \#1 Product release from the hidden road-map&#x20;
* [ ] \#2 Product release from the hidden road-map&#x20;

**AI NFT Generator Upgrade:**&#x20;

* [ ] Integrate popular NFT marketplaces into the AI NFT Generator.&#x20;
* [ ] AI NFT Generator SDK release (build your own NFT Generator easily).
* [ ] ChainGPT AI NFT Generator Whitelabel Open-Source (Replit/GitHub).&#x20;
* [ ] Update UI/UX Design.
* [ ] 16:9 & 1:1 resolution types.
* [ ] Art type (2D, 3D, Realistic).
* [ ] Profile pages for users.&#x20;



### **Q1-Q2 2024:**

* [ ] Open-sourced "AI NFT Generator" built with ChainGPT's SDK
* [ ] Open-sourced "Web3 AI Chatbot" built with ChainGPT's SDK

\---

**DISCLAIMER**: The information contained in our roadmap is based on estimates and is not a guaranteed release schedule, and shall not be viewed as such. _The information contained in our whitepaper and roadmap is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as financial advice or an inducement to purchase our utility token, $CGPT, for any purpose other than to interact with the ChainGPT AI bot, which is available at the time of the token sale. $CGPT is intended solely for use within the ChainGPT AI ecosystem, and we make no representations or warranties regarding the value, security, or suitability of $CGPT for any other purpose. We strongly encourage you to conduct due diligence and seek professional advice before making investment decisions. By accessing our whitepaper, website, and roadmap, you agree to release and hold us and our affiliates harmless from any liability for using the information contained therein.  In addition, read our_ [Agreement for Sale of Tokens](https://www.chaingpt.org/licences).
