# 2023: Q1

Status: **In Progress**

### 1st Quarter of 2023 Summary

Our focus in Q1 2023 is to further enhance our AI model, the backbone of our technology and ecosystem, through continuous improvement efforts by our dedicated team. We are also expanding the capabilities of our AI model by offering API & SDK access to third-party developers and businesses, enabling them to build custom solutions that meet their specific needs. In Q1, we will be launching a suite of cutting-edge AI tools and products, including the beta and official versions of ChainGPT chatbot, DevAssist browser extension, Staking & Farming DApp, ChainGPT News, IOS & Android chatbot app, prompt marketplace, Telegram/Discord/Slack AI bot, and our utility token $GPT.&#x20;

$GPT will play a key role in our ecosystem, acting as the fuel that drives all the products and services offered by ChainGPT. The $GPT token will be made available through private sale, whitelisted presale, and a DEX/CEX launch.&#x20;

Our release strategy for all utilities and tools is designed for maximum growth potential for ChainGPT. Instead of releasing everything at once, each tool will have a designated release date, aimed at creating anticipation and building a waitlist. For a comprehensive overview of our goals and progress, please refer to the list below.

#### Development:

* [x] AI Chatbot Beta Version Release
* [ ] DevAssist Release:  a browser extension powered by ChainGPT AI technology providing users with information about smart contracts they interact with them.
* [ ] Staking & Farming DApp designed for $GPT and supported tokens.
* [ ] [ChainGPT.news](http://chaingpt.news): AI generated Blockchain/Crypto daily news & live updates.
* [ ] ChainGPT AI Chatbot Official v1.0 Release \[much more advanced than beta, AI is online, can read live blockchain data, can read live chart data]
* [ ] API & SDK access for businesses & developers
* [ ] ChainGPT App for IOS & Android release, with built in $GPT supporting wallet.
* [ ] Prompt marketplace: share your best prompts & earn $GPT rewards.
* [ ] Release python based ChainGPT bot for Telegram, Discord, and Slack
* [ ] DAO voting system for $GPT holders

#### $GPT Token:

* [ ] $GPT utility token release dates & tokenomics announcement
* [ ] $GPT token private sale (institutions, and growth beneficial investors)
* [ ] $GPT token presale (whitelisted)
* [ ] $GPT token launch (Decentralized & Centralized Exchanges Listings)

#### Misc:

* [x] Marketing team formation & community growth
* [x] Increase social presence
* [ ] Documentations Release (v2.0 whitepaper)
* [ ] Bug Bounty Program
* [ ] Ambassador Program
* [ ] Survey & user feedback research
