# 2023: Q1-Q2

Status: **In Progress**

### 1st Quarter of 2023 Summary

Our primary goal for Q1–Q2 2023 will be to strengthen our AI model, the foundation of our technology and ecosystem, through our committed team's ongoing efforts to develop it. By granting third-party developers and companies access to our API & SDK, we are also enhancing the capabilities of our AI model and enabling them to create unique solutions tailored to their requirements. The beta and official versions of ChainGPT chatbot, DevAssist browser extension, Staking & Farming DApp, ChainGPT News, IOS & Android chatbot app, prompt marketplace, Telegram/Discord/Slack AI bot, and our utility token $CGPT are just a few of the cutting-edge AI tools and products we will be releasing in Q1-Q2.

The fuel that powers all of ChainGPT's goods and services, $CGPT, will play a significant part in our ecosystem. The $CGPT token will be accessible through a DEX/CEX launch, a public utility token sale, and private utility token sales. In addition, we want to grow our technical team and advance our revolutionary blockchain technology powered by AI. We will use ChainGPT technology to create AI-powered tools like a trading bot and an NFT generation DApp. Also, we'll grow our staff of software and machine learning engineers. Please look at the list below for a detailed breakdown of our objectives and progress.

#### ChainGPT AI Development:

* [x] AI Chatbot Prototype Version Release.
* [x] Staking & Farming DApp designed for $CGPT and supported tokens.
* [ ] ChainGPT AI Chatbot Official v1.0 Release \[much more advanced than beta, AI is online, can read live blockchain data, live chart data, better at programming, new UI/UX].
* [ ] API & SDK access for businesses & developers.
* [ ] ChainGPT App for IOS & Android release, with built-in $CGPT supporting wallet.
* [x] Release python-based ChainGPT bot for Telegram, Discord, and Slack.
* [ ] DAO voting system for $CGPT holders.

#### ChainGPT AI-Based Utilities Development

* [x] DevAssist Release:  a browser extension powered by ChainGPT AI technology providing users with information about smart contracts they interact with them.
* [x] AI smart-contracts auditor (add-on to ChainGPT)
* [x] AI smart-contracts generator (add-on to ChainGPT)
* [x] Ask Crypto People (add-on to ChainGPT)
* [ ] Prompt marketplace: share your best prompts & earn $CGPT rewards.
* [ ] ChainGPT.news: AI-generated Blockchain/Crypto daily news & live updates.
* [ ] ChainGPT AI NFT Generator: generate NFTs & deploy them on-chain within seconds!
* [ ] ChainGPT AI Trading Assistant (Chart & Technical Analysis tool)

#### $CGPT Token:

* [x] $CGPT utility token release dates & tokenomics announcement.
* [x] $CGPT Smart-Contract audit & security report.
* [x] $CGPT token private token sale (institutions and beneficial growth investors).
* [x] $CGPT token public utility token sale round (Platform: Seedify, WePad, EnjinStarter, Poolz).
* [x] $CGPT token launch (Exchange listings: KuCoin, ByBit, Bitget, MEXC, Gate, PancakeSwap, KyberSwap, BitMart, Thena, and more).

#### Misc:

* [x] Marketing team formation & community growth.
* [x] Could you increase your social presence?
* [x] Documentations Release (v2.0 whitepaper).
* [x] Bug Bounty Program.
* [x] Ambassador Program.
* [x] Survey & user feedback research.
* [x] Partnerships Announcements.&#x20;
* [x] Expand our engineering team[ (Want to work with us? Apply.](../v.-work-with-us/))

\---

**DISCLAIMER**: The information contained in our roadmap is based on estimates and is not a guaranteed release schedule, and shall not be viewed as such. _The information contained in our whitepaper and roadmap is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as financial advice or an inducement to purchase our utility token, $CGPT, for any purpose other than to interact with the ChainGPT AI bot, which is available at the time of the token sale. $CGPT is intended solely for use within the ChainGPT AI ecosystem, and we make no representations or warranties regarding the value, security, or suitability of $CGPT for any other purpose. We strongly encourage you to conduct due diligence and seek professional advice before making investment decisions. By accessing our whitepaper, website, and roadmap, you agree to release and hold us and our affiliates harmless from any liability for using the information contained therein.  In addition, read our_ [Agreement for Sale of Tokens](https://www.chaingpt.org/licences).
